1. Rage skill on destroyer: Its not fix for life but still its bug 
U can use rage skill even if u not with any weapon / Same problem to Rapid Shot (WITH PROBLEM) https://imgur.com/a/IdPUCtg

2. Enchant Imperial staff: When u enchant Imperial staff , then u broke it 
u must obtain "weapon stones"(screen shot 1), but u obtain "armortones" (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

3. Ultimates buffs: What they rly do , can u enter a right discription ? =) 
As u can see, its gives not that they are write in discripton (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

4. Lvl 15+ Perfect Leather Armor Quest Bug: I reach level 22 and dont can get the second part or 
perfect leather armor quest 2/3. The npc dont start the quest with message: you dont not meet the requeriments of the quest 
only avaliable lvl 15 + (WITH PROBLEM) https://imgur.com/a/k3J9Pvf

5. p attack with A grade +16 better than S grade +10 (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

6. Grant the Dead man's Last Wish
* Nikita NPC does not disguise me 
( it should in order to allow me to roam around devil isle without getting attacked ) (WITH PROBLEM)
* Quest marker points to the first pile of bones ( skull ), and does not move to the next item on the list 
( progress still happens if you do find them ) (WITH PROBLEM) https://imgur.com/a/i2xg5Uq
* After jumping in the water ( towards the zaken room ) there are stairs on the right, 
if you try to go on the stairs you get ported on the surface (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

7. Lifestones
doesnt matter what weapon you put inside the anvil for augment the message always the same 
Augmetation failed due to inappropriate conditions . And nothing happens (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

8. Equipment Upgrade
When u want to upgrade A +16 item to S (weapon) , u must obtain weapon and bug with 2 weapon enchant scrolls
but u got only weapon (WITH PROBLEM) https://imgur.com/a/2NpVEbe

9. Item cast time
Immortal frinteza skill casting time is too big, same as was with "BIND" skill. same problem (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)
But Skill like Bless the body/ Bless the Soul and Concetration have a big casting time (WITH PROBLEM)

10. Agation bonuses: its does not give anything , all of them (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

11. Dwarf skill "Weapon Reinforcement" 
Does not give P.Atk for Blunts.  Notice how there is a comma after "enhances polearms". 
That means that P.Atk for all weapons is increased, not just polearms. The skill is working fine for polearms, but there is 
no P.Atk bonus for one and two-handed blunts. I am not an expert on how this skill should work properly, but on Lionna it
increased P.Atk for all weapons, not just polearms. (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

12. TANK SKILL BUGS
Hello,  so far what I  found was tokens are not disappearing after using it on target. And tank skill has instant cast,  
but he should be 1.58 seconds tank skill: Shield  Strike Pet action, like attack is not  working  right. (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

13. Dwarf skill Tenacity is bugged (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

14. imperial tomb 4Sepulchers Not working, some rooms don’t spawm mobs. (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

15. 30secs 0 dmg o good evening , today i had a pvp shot with pro100syka( bug abuser) i traded more than 30 hits to him with zealot 
and frenzy on, that was 25 seconds + my kncockdown even landed but still was doing 0 dmg while he was knocked down and stuned the 
same time ,then we was up and hitting me back and still i was doing 0 dmg back to him . i will upload a photo here just to see, 
you can check more photos of all hits in discord if needed cause i can not upload 30 pics.
just to put it simple he is immune and hits back.  so jail and find the bug abuse
I would prefere you to just jail this idiot and unjail till he tells you what kind of abuse he does. Btw mistic shield 
( if it was that skill) does nto work like that . and im sugesting to jail the person who used the bug so he will explain you what 
exactly he did and you can reproduce (NEED MORE INFORMATION TO TEST)

16. transformation sealbookafter i used the transformation sealbook nothing happened. I got no skill and nothing on the transformation
bar. I upload pictures to see (NEED MORE INFORMATION TO TEST)

17. Dominator weapon mastery mana absorbHi, as far as I can tell mana absorb thing from Dominator weapon mastery passive skill dosen't 
work at all, please fix? "Weapon Mastery Lv 43" and above levels, this is passive skill avalible for Dominators and Doomcryers since
their 3rd job aka 76 level character. Last change (buff) for this skill was in classic 2.8. From 2.8 patch notes:
Weapon Mastery	Dominator, Doomcryer	The effect of MP consumption has been changed:
5% MP with 50% chance → 10% MP with 100% chance
I'm not specialst so you might want to do your own reaserch on this one but, from what I know this should absorb 10% of all damage
done as mana, it even says so in the game client itself altought chance is already 100% for this to happen since patch 2.8 buff, and 
in game there is no mana absorb happening at all, therefore skill is broken and need fixing imho, GL. (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

18. 4SEPULCHER PASS
Hello , so there is a "daily" mission that its called exploration of imperial tomb, 
here is what the problem is it works fine till you do it but,
since its daily and not single mission it should resset every day. how it is now when you do it one it doesent resset and you cannot 
take again the reward. plz fix so ppl can actually go in 4sep since you fucked up respawn of mobs that drop the pass. 
(IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)

19. Clan Luck lv. 4 is not working
The clan skill Clan Luck lv. 4 is not working at all. It should decrease the XP loss on death by 100%, meaning you shouldnt loose any
experience when you die with it. Meanwhile I just died (from a mob) loosing 4% of my exp while having that skill (WITH PROBLEM)

20. Body Impale works???
Attacks the enemy with 680 Power added to P. Atk., inflicts Stun for 5 sec. and dispels 1 buff(s) from a stunned target. 
Requires a blunt weapon. Ignores Shield Defense. Over-hit (IT IS WORKING CORRECTLY)






